The Joe Rogan experience.
So you made a movie about the story that you told on the podcast about a guy
who pretended that he was from Yale and you,
and then you found out later in your relationship that he was not,
and he was completely full. Yeah. I told.
That story on your podcast couple years ago.
And I was trying to think if that was the first time I'd ever been on your
podcast in this iteration, like as the huge Joe Rogan experience podcast.
And I couldn't remember if I'd been on it before, prior.
To that. I think you had. I.
Think so too, but I think I was like,
that would be the perfect book end to this story.
Cuz the first time I told it in its totality was here and then
here I am and I've made this movie.
It's such a crazy story. Yeah. The fact that the guy that,
that really was what he was doing, he was just completely lying. Yeah.
About his background and who he was. And, but it worked for a little while.
Well, you know, sorry.
I remember when I told the story and of course the feedback's all like you're.
A dumb. Roy,
is there a woman don't about anything <laugh>.
And so I was just like, okay,
I gotta be careful in the way that I parse out this narrative. And my answer is,
you know, there's red flags that we're taught to think about. You know,
you're walking down the street in New York city and someone gives you a look,
you got red flags, right. You're at a, um, you're doing a business deal.
There's red flags in a, you know, because of music and TV,
we're all thought to think about cheating. Right. And lying in that way.
I meet you randomly. And in the first five minutes, I'm like,
where'd you go to school? What do you do? I wouldn't,
I don't wanna be the kind of person that has a radar up because these weren't
lies. Like I'm the king of Spain. I have a fleet of yachts at my disposal.
It was like, I went to Yale, just like my cousin did. And I do hedge funds,
like okay. Normal, normal.
And that's how these kind of people get by. And so.
These weren't, you.
Met this guy on a plane, right? An airplane,
an airplane as if there's a different just grassy plane,
specifically an airplane.
Not a into, he was sitting next to you. I was.
Coming over Thanksgiving. Oh. I was just on my family.
Some of them are on the east coast and I, my big thing as a con,
like I always my whole career, I spend the money on the travel.
Like that's a great investment.
Like buy that first class ticket when you travel so much, I'm like,
that's where the money goes.
And you're usually sitting next to someone who looks like your dad in first
class. It's I seldom that I, and this was, I was probably 29 at the time,
28, 29, seldom. You're sitting next to someone around your age, you know?
And here's a guy.
And so we just start talking cuz we're this around the same age. Um, and that,
and we just got along super. He was funny. He was dorky, but smart,
like just a cool guy. And I,
he had a girlfriend and I had a boy picking me up at the airport and I think we
exchanged like Twitter handles mm-hmm <affirmative> like this,
wasn't like a salacious, like give me your details. Mm. And I was like,
if you and your girlfriend ever wanna come to a show, you know, you're a comic,
you get it. Like comedy store. I get paid the same way either way.
So come on down to the store, but we became friends.
And what made it easy was when you're comic, you keep such odd hours.
Like how many times have you eaten dinner at like one in the morning?
And you're like a duo for protein.
Late at night. I usually don't eat at night. All right, cool.
I intermittent fast too. That that's what I do.
On it.
Uh.
But okay. You do my voice on it.
I think it's just my generic beefy guy. That could be you. That could be me,
bro. What you don't understand is that it's just a structure within a democracy,
which is a manmade construct. Whoa.
Is that good? It's not bad. It's not bad. It's not bad. I'd have to,
I'd have to. It's a pro talk. That's like bro, bro.
Paul pro grow intelligent talk. Yeah. So what did this guy actually do?
What was his actual job? He.
Worked at a hedge fund. Um,
and I mean, who checks? That would a person who works at a hedge fund,
know the difference between a club headliner and a theater headline,
like there's level. Like why? Okay.
That sounds really boring and whatever I get that that's with numbers and.
And money. But he went to a college. You went to.
A college, just not that one just.
Lied about Yale, right? Yeah.
That's what I found out way later.
Work at a hedge fund. Yeah. But.
I think it was like super low level. Like he made it like, oh,
I'm starting my own. And you know, you're 29 years old.
You're sitting in a first class seat and you're dressed like a dork and you're
talking, why wouldn't I believe you.
I have plenty of friends who are successful at things. Yeah.
Other than stand up and most, you know, so.
But my, my point was that if he just was himself yes. And he just said,
I'm working at a hedge fund and was the same guy, just as thousand people.
Like that is the you completely keyed in on it.
The whole takeaway from the movie is all the things that he didn't lie about
were the things that I actually valued the most. He was,
you cannot fake intelligence. You cannot fake sense of humor. Right?
You cannot fake wit. Right.
And he had those, he had those things.
He was unattractive,
which is probably a big source of his insecurity and whatever else society put
on him.
But that was the sad part was I wasn't that impressed by going to a good
school and having a job I've never heard of. Right. Hey, you just said, like,
I went to this regular school and I do this.
I still would've said come to the comedy store. I still would've had drinks.
So the that's a, it's not a shame cuz I,
I really am into my husband <laugh> and the way that that worked out.
But that's the weird,
the sad part is that we put rather than just be good at something,
someone just like lied and built a whole world around it.
Have you kept in, in touch with that guy?
Oh yeah. We hang out all the time. No. Oh my God.
No, but I mean, so gross. No, I mean he's never reached out and said, Hey,
I heard that story. No, nothing.
I uh.
No. How long did you date him? For.
Only three months. We were friends for a full year,
which is why it kind, it, you don't question your friends as much.
Right. And here's someone that always showed up the dudes in my group.
Like all the comics that you know, that I'm friends, like they've all met him.
Like we go out drinking and my schedule is so weird. So I'd be like,
I need to get dinner at like 11. He'd be down for it. I was like, great.
This got a mallable schedule. And we were friends for that year.
I have best friends in LA and I've been to their apartment twice right.
In 15 years. So you're not, um,
checking on things because I just take it.
It's normal at face value where you live and stuff like that. And to be honest,
the, the closer he became his friends, the more he like, he was like, look,
I really like you. And we would always, you know, you're in your twenties.
So you're going out drinking. I never wanted to go to his house.
Like he would meet me at my condo and we would go,
or my friends would come over because I was like,
there's no reason if you know that if I know you like me and I don't like you,
there's no reason for me to go to your house.
Like you wanna very wise of you on neutral territory. It's not,
I'm not afraid of my physical safety, but in terms of messaging,
I think that's a little, I don't like you,
but I'll get drunk and hang out in your room.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> we're not doing that. I got a house smart. It was a bar.
Right, right. And I was very honest the whole time. I'm like,
I'm just not there yet. And I do go on dates. I like how you said yet.
Though. It's like, oh, so you're saying there's a chance <laugh>.
Uh, that was,
I think I was just until you're saying there's a chance <laugh> which how guys
think. Yeah. But I was very honest, very honest in, in being like, look I,
so there was.
A chance cuz you wound up getting together with him.
Yeah. But I didn't see it that way. That's like.
Ah, but you.
Get it. I mean, that's,
you're talking about an eventuality that no one could foresee because I was
dating other people. Right, right. Consistency was key. I but actually.
Why dudes will hang out in that friend zone. I.
Hear that. And I would always say, I'm not into you.
In fact I'm going on a date tonight. But by the way, if you,
if you can't handle that and you don't wanna be my friend, that's okay.
I would give him these outs. Right. And the truth is I wasn't into him.
We were very closest friends. And then he told me his mom had cancer.
Oh, I remember this.
Part. Right. So as a human and as a woman, you know,
like there's a vulnerability that he cried probably thinking about.
He's probably crying about what a good liar he is. But like his.
Mom didn't really have cancer. No. Yeah. That's, what's up. I remember this and.
I forgot that part of it. I met her. We had just so like, you know,
my heart opened up and you can't, as a woman, you can become,
this is my big thing.
You can become attracted to a man who are physically not attracted to because of
personality men. It doesn't work. Joe.
You've never been like that girl is a warthog,
but it turns out she's really funny. So I do want to put my mouth on hers.
Like you've never in your life been like, but you got a great personality,
but girls do. It's just, we are cerebral mm-hmm <affirmative> you know,
and men are very visual. And so it was all the kindness. How smart,
how funny all this stuff, mom got cancer. I'm like, oh my God, I,
I need to be there for this person. Who's been nothing,
but kind to me as a human and my heart opened up whatever.
And uh, I met her. It was around the holidays. And so we, uh, yeah,
because we met in November and this was,
I remember I was going like Christmas craft shopping. And uh, we met at,
at like a craft store and she was there and I'd never,
you know, she has cancer. And he said, she's very sick.
So I didn't wanna be indelicate. I didn't wanna be like, how'd you cancer,
Susan? You know? So I remember asking her like, how are you feeling?
And of course this woman's like feeling fine.
Mm-hmm why have you heard otherwise?
Oh.
God. And we only talked for like a half hour, you know?
And I remember at the time thinking like, oh, this is a guy that I really like,
and I, if she's gonna die, I want her to know that her, her son is with someone.
Who's kind. I remember thinking that, wow.
Because.
That's so heavy. <laugh>, it's so heavy.
And I didn't find out that she didn't have the cancer until after I realized all
the lies and I broken it off. Oh my God.
I ran into some mutual friends and I was like, I just, you know, he's a loser.
I can, he.
Must be in literally insane. That's an insane person.
He's an insane person. But also the story is so insane.
And you so have to tread lightly as a woman because people find fault,
no matter what you do. Like, I remember someone saying like, well,
you are a gold Digger. And I was like, how's that? Now?
Like I've made a bunch of my own money since I was like 25.
You can't pay attention to that. No,
but it opened my eyes up to the perception just of when you tell a story,
that's so honest, the feedback that you get and you're like, okay,
let me control this narrative. So that's why in the movie,
she's not some struggle. I put her as like a,
mostly successful to show like this doesn't like she needed anything. Right.
A lot of articles were like, she was so strong. It's like, no, no,
she just didn't wake up and.
Die. I wonder what other lies that guy.
Cuz that's not a guy who's done that for the first time.
Like if someone's lying about their having cancer. Oh my God.
It's such a crazy lie. Such.
Bad karma. What.
What a, what bad energy to go through life like that?
It's like the momentum of all those lies must be like inescapable.
Like how does one stop and become an honest person when you are lying about that
many things and intimate things like your mother. Yes.
The person who gave life to you,
you're lying and saying that she has cancer so that a girl will like you more.
Yeah. It's really insane. Super beta and it's well, it's, it's a pattern.
That's a strange pattern because like what makes people lie? You know,
uh.
Feeling insufficient. Mm-hmm, <affirmative>, you know,
feeling that you and this is for better or for worse,
we hold men to a certain standard in our society.
I'm not excusing this behavior. I'm just saying, you know,
men who don't want to be sensitive or don't wanna cry or are afraid to show
vulnerability because we have this like macho archetype,
most women don't actually expect that.
And they want you to be yourself and open up. And, but we do just,
as we put things on women,
we do put things on men and we don't have conversations about that.
The difference is men don't realize like, all you gotta do is go out.
I talk about this on stage and like, just be good at something.
And there will be a girl who will like ride or die with you in your Toyota
passenger seat. Like that's my baby. He's the best mustache grower.
Like be all these comics that we're talking about. They all funny guys.
So you could be funny. You don't have to be attractive. You could just be kind.
You could just be good at like magic the gathering. There's a girl.
That's cool that, but some people just think if I P posture and I lie,
I'll get the kind of girl I deserve.
Don't you think it's also that kind of like financial world,
like the financial world is very much about field a sociopath.
There's a lot of that. Sure.
But it's all about like what kind of car do you drive?
What kind of watch do you have? Where's your, where's your house? You know,
what, how much money are you making much? Did you make last year? What's your,
what's your end goal? So those.
Archetypes like that patina of a person, right?
Like you have to be the what's his name in American. Psycho. Yeah.
Patrick Bateman, Patrick Bateman.
Having to be that and in the whole movies about that expectation.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> uh, the business card, things like that. I mean,
I didn't include, he told me he was in skull and bones.
Oh Christ. And I remember thinking like, I don't know, that's a pretty,
that's a pretty big secret <laugh> people. And he invited me. He's like,
I'm going to London for like a reunion, like an event. Do you wanna come?
And I was like, sort of, but I do need my own room.
Like I'm not gonna share a room with you.
And then of course he ended up not going, of course,
but there are things where they're so outta my room,
like I am not in Scullin bones and it seems so foreign.
So you fit the bill, I guess you could be.
I think wouldn't you think you'd be more successful if you in S SCO bones,
isn't that one of those things where you're connected to all those? Uh, well,
how do you gauge.
How successful someone is by their car? Because he drove a really nice car.
Did he? And I never saw his house and he dressed well and he spoke.
Like, oh, okay. So you thought he was very successful?
I just, he presented as a kid that I went to school with, but.
He obviously was kind of doing well, if he did work for a hedge fund, right.
Anyone, they will let almost anyone sign a lease. Yeah.
Nice car. What kind of car was? It was like.
An Audi. I couldn't tell you what kind mm-hmm <affirmative> was a nice car.
It's an yeah. Huh.
So doing pretty good. I guess.
So. But I also like, wasn't so impressed. Like I had.
My own condo. You don't give a. Anyway. If a guy had a Porsche and he lived in.
Amazing,
my husband drives a Mazda and I drive a Honda civic hybrid that I tell people
I wanna land comic standing. You still have that.
That's. How reflect you.
Still have that car. I love it.
Wow. Catch new episodes that Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.